"Love how comfortable and cute these kimonos are!!! They’re super adorable on my baby!!
"
very good material and very nice . im so excited to receive this beautiful kimono eventhough im not the one who wears it . hahaha .
Superb material and workmanship, with attention to the last detail in packaging.
"Beautiful package reminds me of japan with a handwritten message in the box. 
Majorie was responsive and accommodating.
Rompers of excellent quality and it's definitely great for SG weather! 
Thanks Majorie!"
Very good quality with affordable price. Respond fast and good service. Love it.
Totally love the quality of the clothes.Real fast delivery.Simply too pretty! Will defintely order again!
I bought a few recently and put it onto my daughter last night. Gorgeous! Pretty fabric good workmanship. Love it and worth every penny imo 
Thanks for the complimentary present for my daughter. She is so happy. Very thoughtful of you. The wrapping of the dress in the box is very lovely too.. 
The rompers came very nicely packaged and I was surprised to find a handwritten message in the box! The owner provides very personal service and is accommodating.The rompers are of good quality and it's cooling! My baby loves them! Hope to see more designs coming up!
This is really Haha no yume (mummy's dream) coming true! Loving the nice Japanese cotton!
We love love love this shop- the kimonos are so well made & the owner is so pleasant! Happy to support ! Thank u 
Excellent & efficient service. Most important the quality of the kimono is superb (soft) & airy. We love u Majorie ! Hope that u can also sell kimono for adult like me 
Really love to shop with Haha no yume. Very responsive in message. Love the quality of the costume and it's really kawaii on my boy  I've recommended to my friends as well and definitely will continue to support Haha no yume 
Love it so much.. fast respond and nice seller
All was OK ! Majorie is a great seller 
Really happy with my purchase. It's noticed the love she puts in the details. Very good comunication and fast delivery. Europeans interested, you can save in customs expenses by choosing free shipping.
Hi Majorie, I just received the parcel! Can't wait to dress my baby girl in the baby rompers! Thank you for the personalised message and the great service!
Bought 2 baby rompers for my kiddo, plus gifts in form of a baby romper pack, plus two other dresses for 2 little girls! They are absolutely lovely! Thanks, Majorie!
"After seeing a gorgeous outfit on Instagram I immediately fell in love!then ordered 2 of these gorgeous kimono rompers for my baby daughter, great communication throughout and items delivered beautifully wrapped and super fast delivery! 
Very well made and we've had loads of compliments!! 
Thankyou so much xxxx"
Unique and beautiful kimono rompers. Fabric and print are of great quality. The snaps are great for ease of access when changing. Love the traditional look on my little one! Can't wait for my next orders!!
Hi Majorie, just received the parcel today. Love it so much! It just fits my daughter perfectly!
Mahalo Marjorie! Got the package so quickly! Love the packaging and the cute note you left. Will definitely order again in the future and recommend to everyone.
Received both the kimono and romper! So excited and can't wait to see both my kiddo wearing them! So comfortable and nice! Will definitely come back and shop!
Have bought 3 rompers and top recently: Maru, Hiroshi and Kitsune. These 3 pieces are so lovely and in high quality. Suits my boys so well. The packaging is so so nice and it's packed with so much love. Prompt replies and excellent customer service!! I will highly recommend your shop to everyone!! Thank you very much.
"Hi Majorie, received the Kimono top an hour ago. The lovely packaging and note left me in awe.. Reminds me of how much I miss Japan.. 
Excellent customer service. Will definitely come back for more and recommend your shop to my friends."
Just received both the rompers today!! Its soooo pretty!! Thank you so much for the lovely packaging as well!! I highly recommend your shop to everyone!! Prompt replies and excellent customer service!! Thanks once again!!
My daughter fit with it
My toddler and I love the kimono as its too comfortable and easy to wear. Cool ! Good design and Good material
Bought a "Mon" romper for my son, definitely a cute piece! The fabric is soft and very good quality. Nicely wrapped and I thought I got a present haha. Launch more bigger size ok? Will surely buy again!
Thumbs up for the nice service, good quality and the beautiful packaging! it so much!
My 2 months old boy fit nicely into the newborn sized rompers, and he looked really good on them. Thank you Hahanoyume for these wonderful looking outfits for our little boy. A must have for your babies and definitely a perfect gift for your friend's babies. Keep up the good work and I look forward to more wonderful products for my boy from you guys in the near future
It is very special n unique romper for my baby. Very soft piece and do not feel hot for him. My baby Tze love it so much…